---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_private_space_tlscontext Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads a `private space tls context` in your business group.
---

# anypoint_private_space_tlscontext (Data Source)

Reads a `private space tls context` in your business group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "anypoint_private_space_tlscontext" "ps_tlscontext" {
  org_id = "xxxx-xxx-xxx"   # the business group id
  private_space_id = "xxxx-xxx-xxx"       # the id of the private space
  id = "xxxx-xxx-xxx"       # the id of the private space tls context
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The private space tls context id.
- `org_id` (String) The master organization id where the private space is defined.
- `private_space_id` (String) The private space id.

### Read-Only

- `cipher_aes128_gcm_sha256` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_aes128_sha256` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_aes256_gcm_sha384` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_aes256_sha256` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_dhe_rsa_aes128_sha256` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_dhe_rsa_aes256_gcm_sha384` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_dhe_rsa_aes256_sha256` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_dhe_rsa_chacha20_poly1305` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_ecdhe_ecdsa_aes128_gcm_sha256` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_ecdhe_ecdsa_aes256_gcm_sha384` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_ecdhe_ecdsa_chacha20_poly1305` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_ecdhe_rsa_aes128_gcm_sha256` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_ecdhe_rsa_aes256_gcm_sha384` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_ecdhe_rsa_chacha20_poly1305` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_tls_aes128_gcm_sha256` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_tls_aes256_gcm_sha384` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `cipher_tls_chacha20_poly1305_sha256` (Boolean) The ciphers used by the tls context.
- `created_at` (String)
- `description` (String)
- `key_store_capath_file_name` (String) The keystore capath file name.
- `key_store_cn` (String) The common name of the keystore.
- `key_store_expiration_date` (String) The keystore expiration date.
- `key_store_file_name` (String) The keystore certificate file name.
- `key_store_key_file_name` (String) The keystore private key file name.
- `key_store_san` (List of String) The subject alternative names of the keystore.
- `key_store_type` (String) The type of the keystore.
- `name` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `trust_store_dn_list` (List of Object) The list of DNs of the trust store. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--trust_store_dn_list))
- `trust_store_expiration_date` (String)
- `trust_store_file_name` (String)
- `trust_store_type` (String) The type of the trust store.
- `type` (String) The type of the tls context.
- `updated_at` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--trust_store_dn_list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `trust_store_dn_list`

Read-Only:

- `basic_constraints_is_ca` (Boolean)
- `certificate_type` (String)
- `issuer_common_name` (String)
- `issuer_country_name` (String)
- `issuer_locality_name` (String)
- `issuer_organization_name` (String)
- `issuer_organization_unit` (String)
- `issuer_state` (String)
- `key_usage` (List of String)
- `public_key_algorithm` (String)
- `serial_number` (String)
- `signature_algorithm` (String)
- `subject_common_name` (String)
- `subject_country_name` (String)
- `subject_locality_name` (String)
- `subject_organization_name` (String)
- `subject_organization_unit` (String)
- `subject_state` (String)
- `validity_not_after` (String)
- `validity_not_before` (String)
- `version` (String)


