---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_private_space Data Source - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Reads a `private space` in your business group.
---

# anypoint_private_space (Data Source)

Reads a `private space` in your business group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "anypoint_private_space" "ps" {
  org_id = "xxxx-xxx-xxx"   # the business group id
  id = "xxxx-xxx-xxx"       # the id of the private space
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The private space id.
- `org_id` (String) The master organization id where the private space is defined.

### Read-Only

- `days_left_for_relaxed_quota` (Number) The number of days left for relaxed quota.
- `enable_egress` (Boolean) Indicates whether egress is enabled for the private space.
- `enable_iam_role` (Boolean) Indicates whether IAM roles are enabled for the private space.
- `enable_network_isolation` (Boolean) Indicates whether network isolation is enabled for the private space.
- `environments_business_groups` (List of String) Business groups associated with the associated environments.
- `environments_type` (String) The type of associated environments.
- `firewall_rules` (List of Object) Firewall rules for the private space. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall_rules))
- `mule_app_deployment_count` (Number) The number of Mule deployments in the private space.
- `name` (String) The name of the private space.
- `network_cidr_block` (String) The CIDR block of the network.
- `network_dns_target` (String) The DNS target.
- `network_inbound_static_ips` (List of String) Inbound static IPs.
- `network_internal_dns_servers` (List of String) List of DNS servers.
- `network_internal_dns_special_domains` (List of String) Special DNS domains.
- `network_internal_dns_target` (String) The internal DNS target.
- `network_outbound_static_ips` (List of String) Outbound static IPs.
- `network_region` (String) The network region of the private space.
- `network_reserved_cidrs` (List of String) Reserved CIDR blocks.
- `provisioning_message` (String) Provisioning message.
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status.
- `region` (String) The region of the private space.
- `root_org_id` (String) The ID of the root organization to which the private space belongs.
- `status` (String) The current status of the private space.
- `status_message` (String) The status message of the private space.
- `vpc_migration_in_progress` (Boolean) Indicates whether VPC migration is in progress for the private space.

<a id="nestedatt--firewall_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rules`

Read-Only:

- `cidr_block` (String)
- `from_port` (Number)
- `protocol` (String)
- `to_port` (Number)
- `type` (String)


