---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "anypoint_private_space Resource - terraform-provider-anypoint"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a `private space` in your business group.
---

# anypoint_private_space (Resource)

Manages a `private space` in your business group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "anypoint_private_space" "my_ps" {
  org_id = var.root_org
  region = "eu-west-1"
  name = "cat-private-space"
  environments_business_groups = [ "all" ]
  environments_type = "sandbox"
  network_cidr_block = "10.0.0.0/16"
  network_region = "eu-west-1"
  dynamic "firewall_rules" {
    for_each = [
      {
        cidr_block = "0.0.0.0/0"
        from_port  = 80
        protocol   = "tcp"
        to_port    = 80
        type       = "inbound"
      },
      {
        cidr_block = "0.0.0.0/0"
        from_port  = 443
        protocol   = "tcp"
        to_port    = 443
        type       = "inbound"
      },
      {
        cidr_block = "0.0.0.0/0"
        from_port  = 0
        protocol   = "tcp"
        to_port    = 65535
        type       = "outbound"
      },
      {
        cidr_block = "0.0.0.0/0"
        from_port  = 443
        protocol   = "tcp"
        to_port    = 443
        type       = "outbound"
      }
    ]
    content {
      cidr_block = firewall_rules.value.cidr_block
      from_port  = firewall_rules.value.from_port
      protocol   = firewall_rules.value.protocol
      to_port    = firewall_rules.value.to_port
      type       = firewall_rules.value.type
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the private space.
- `network_cidr_block` (String) The CIDR block of the network.
- `network_region` (String) The network region of the private space.
- `org_id` (String) The ID of the organization to which the private space belongs.

### Optional

- `enable_egress` (Boolean) Indicates whether egress is enabled for the private space. Default is false.
		This argument takes some time to be applied.
- `enable_iam_role` (Boolean) Indicates whether IAM roles are enabled for the private space. Default is false.
- `enable_network_isolation` (Boolean) Indicates whether network isolation is enabled for the private space. Default is true.
		This argument takes some time to be applied.
- `environments_business_groups` (List of String) Business groups associated with the associated environments. Valid values are 'all' or business units uuids.
- `environments_type` (String) The type of associated environments. Valid values are 'all', 'sandbox', 'production'.
- `firewall_rules` (Block List) Firewall rules for the private space. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--firewall_rules))
- `network_internal_dns_servers` (List of String) List of DNS servers. Values should be valid IP addresses (v4 or v6)
- `network_internal_dns_special_domains` (List of String) List of domains to be used for internal DNS resolution.
- `network_reserved_cidrs` (List of String) Reserved CIDR blocks.

### Read-Only

- `days_left_for_relaxed_quota` (Number) The number of days left for relaxed quota.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the private space.
- `last_updated` (String) The last time this resource has been updated locally.
- `mule_app_deployment_count` (Number) The number of Mule deployments in the private space.
- `network_dns_target` (String) The DNS target.
- `network_inbound_static_ips` (List of String) Inbound static IPs.
- `network_internal_dns_target` (String) The internal DNS target.
- `network_outbound_static_ips` (List of String) Outbound static IPs.
- `provisioning_message` (String) Provisioning message.
- `provisioning_status` (String) Provisioning status.
- `region` (String) The region of the private space.
- `root_org_id` (String) The ID of the root organization to which the private space belongs.
- `status` (String) The current status of the private space.
- `status_message` (String) The status message of the private space.
- `vpc_migration_in_progress` (Boolean) Indicates whether VPC migration is in progress for the private space.

<a id="nestedblock--firewall_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall_rules`

Required:

- `cidr_block` (String) The CIDR block for the firewall rule.
- `from_port` (Number) The starting port for the firewall rule.
- `protocol` (String) Specifies the network protocol used in the firewall rule. Valid options are 'tcp', 'udp', or 'icmp'.
- `to_port` (Number) The ending port for the firewall rule.
- `type` (String) The type of the firewall rule. Valid values are 'inbound' for incoming traffic and 'outbound' for outgoing traffic.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# In order for the import to work, you should provide a ID composed of the following:
#  {ORG_ID}/{PRIVATE_SPACE_ID}

terraform import \
  -var-file params.tfvars.json \        # variable file
  anypoint_private_space.my_ps \
  aa1f55d6-213d-4f60-845c-201282484cd1/6fea33e9-f51c-4750-b182-312e842d4250
```
